---
version: 0.5.0
released: 9999-01-01
tags: [ rebuild, additions ]
---

This is a complete, ground-up rework and recreation of Argon. The older version was extremely clunky, slow, and was really difficult to work with due to questionable code decisions. This rework should hopefully feel a bit nicer and function better, and will allow me to more easily add features.

## Improved Speed
I mean, I'm just going off of vibes, hopes, and dreams, but Argon should now feel much faster than before. A lot of the functionality should be optimized, and I've switched over to a better framework, [Astro](https://astro.build/), which should be more optimized for how Argon works.

## Tag Input
Before, the tag input (search bar, etc) was incredibly clunky and barely held together by duck tape and bubble gum. Now, I'm using an actually good search bar that should be a lot nicer to use and actually work better and more consistently. Also, it has chips which I always wanted but couldn't figure out how to do.

## Tag Explanation
Now, in the Tags List page, there's a short little blurb explaining everything you need to know about tags. APPARENTLY, not having any kind of explanation or description led to a lot of people getting confused and needing to ask me for help. Who'd've thunk it.

## Changelogs Page
I figured it'd be nice to have a page with all the changelogs, rather than just pinning changelog messages repeatedly in the Argon thread in the Discord.

## Reworked Upload Page
I found the Upload page to be... lacking, to say the least. It was incredibly clunky and lacking many features. The most important feature being that you couldn't specify tags upon uploading, but had to edit the post afterwards to add tags. Anyways, you can do that now, and with a new and improved menu.

## Reworked Options Menu
The options menu has now gotten a HUGE overhaul, with much more functionality. With categories, more option types, descriptions, and an over-all nicer UI, the options menu is now much, much better... for the two people who bothered even opening it.